README.md, before:

## Pystocktwits

This is a Python 3.xx API Wrapper for PyStock Twits. This sadly doesn't include most of the API methods as they require a access token which redirect you to a uri to be able to use so it's hard to use for the user in the first place. Also this API doesn't include bullish or bearish statements unless you sign up for the Partner level access.

## Install

This was only tested in Python 3.6

```
python setup.py install
```

## Using the Python Wrapper

pystocktwits_oauth.py has not been tested yet because of the redirect_uri. If anyone has a better way of getting it using a flask app please advise.

Get Messages from a User/User.id
```
from pystocktwits import Streamer

twit = Streamer()

#Get User Messages by ID
print(twit.get_user_msgs("170", since=0, max=1, limit=1))

#Parse the Json Output

#Returns a Dictionary
output = twit.get_user_msgs("170", since=0, max=1, limit=1))
print(output['response']['status'])
#Output  = 200 if the call went through sucessfully
```

Response:

```
{'response': {'status': 200}, 'user': {'id': 170, 'username': 'StockTwits', 'name': 'StockTwits', 'avatar_url': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/170/thumb-1537898606.png', 'avatar_url_ssl': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/170/thumb-1537898606.png', 'join_date': '2009-08-31', 'official': True, 'identity': 'Official', 'classification': ['suggested', 'official'], 'followers': 490004, 'following': 10000, 'ideas': 74259, 'watchlist_stocks_count': 17, 'like_count': 49146}, 'cursor': {'more': True, 'since': 152520810, 'max': 152520810}, 'messages': [{'id': 152520810, 'body': 'The rise of podcasts... $SPOT', 'created_at': '2019-02-02T00:10:26Z', 'user': {'id': 170, 'username': 'StockTwits', 'name': 'StockTwits', 'avatar_url': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/170/thumb-1537898606.png', 'avatar_url_ssl': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/170/thumb-1537898606.png', 'join_date': '2009-08-31', 'official': True, 'identity': 'Official', 'classification': ['suggested', 'official'], 'followers': 490004, 'following': 10000, 'ideas': 74259, 'watchlist_stocks_count': 17, 'like_count': 49146}, 'source': {'id': 2269, 'title': 'StockTwits Web', 'url': 'https://stocktwits.com'}, 'symbols': [{'id': 9076, 'symbol': 'SPOT', 'title': 'Spotify Technology S.A.', 'aliases': ['SPTF', 'SPOTIFY'], 'is_following': False, 'watchlist_count': 17405}], 'likes': {'total': 2, 'user_ids': [31814, 1325989]}, 'reshare_message': {'reshared_count': 1, 'reshared_deleted': False, 'reshared_user_deleted': False, 'parent_reshared_deleted': False, 'message': {'id': 152520718, 'body': 'Spotify is in talks to buy podcast startup Gimlet - Recode ... probably smart $spot https://www.recode.net/2019/2/1/18207198/spotify-gimlet-podcast-acquisition', 'created_at': '2019-02-02T00:08:45Z', 'user': {'id': 5, 'username': 'howardlindzon', 'name': 'Howard Lindzon', 'avatar_url': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/5/thumb-1503096790.png', 'avatar_url_ssl': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/5/thumb-1503096790.png', 'join_date': '2009-07-11', 'official': True, 'identity': 'Official', 'classification': ['suggested', 'official'], 'followers': 221231, 'following': 1689, 'ideas': 147145, 'watchlist_stocks_count': 137, 'like_count': 67007}, 'source': {'id': 1149, 'title': 'StockTwits for iOS', 'url': 'http://www.stocktwits.com/mobile'}, 'symbols': [{'id': 9076, 'symbol': 'SPOT', 'title': 'Spotify Technology S.A.', 'aliases': ['SPTF', 'SPOTIFY'], 'is_following': False, 'watchlist_count': 17405}], 'conversation': {'parent_message_id': 152520718, 'in_reply_to_message_id': None, 'parent': True, 'replies': 1}, 'links': [{'title': "Spotify is in talks to buy Gimlet. That's a big deal for the podcasting world.", 'url': 'https://www.recode.net/2019/2/1/18207198/spotify-gimlet-podcast-acquisition', 'shortened_url': 'https://www.recode.net/2019/2/1/18207198/spotify-gimlet-podcast-acquisition', 'shortened_expanded_url': 'recode.net/2019/2/1/1820719...', 'description': 'Spotify, which has been trying to branch out of the streaming music business, is getting ready to make its first big move into podcasting: It plans to buy Gimlet Media, the startup behind popular shows like Reply All.', 'image': 'https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/62977145/Gwyneth_Paltrow.0.jpg', 'created_at': '2019-02-02T00:08:45Z', 'video_url': None, 'source': {'name': 'Recode', 'website': 'https://www.recode.net'}}], 'likes': {'total': 3, 'user_ids': [170, 1325989, 1629492]}, 'mentioned_users': [], 'entities': {'sentiment': None}}}, 'mentioned_users': [], 'entities': {'sentiment': None}}]}
```

## Testing using Unit Tests

Run test script to test if it works properly

(Not working yet)

```
python unit_test/pystocktwits_test.py
```

## Using Curl Requests to Test

These curl requests are from the Stocktwits API site and are not mine. They can be found here: https://api.stocktwits.com/developers/docs

```
cd example_curl_requests
./streams_user_curl.sh
```

Commit message:

Added to README.md, fixed curl requests, added json output files inside unit_test for parsing for later

README.md, after:

## Pystocktwits

This is a Python 3.xx API Wrapper for PyStock Twits. This sadly doesn't include most of the API methods as they require a access token which redirect you to a uri to be able to use so it's hard to use for the user in the first place.

Also this API doesn't include bullish or bearish statements unless you sign up for the Partner level access. To get Partner level access to get such statements in your query you need to sign up go to https://api.stocktwits.com/developers/contact and sign up for a developers account.

## Requirements

Also listed in requirements.txt:

- requests
- json
- csv
- pandas
- numpy


## Install

This was only tested in Python 3.6

```
python setup.py install
```

## Using the Python Wrapper

pystocktwits_oauth.py has not been tested yet because of the redirect_uri. If anyone has a better way of getting it using a flask app please advise.

Descriptions of files can be found inside pystocktwits.py

Get Messages from a User/User.id
```
from pystocktwits import Streamer

twit = Streamer()

#Get User Messages by ID
print(twit.get_user_msgs("170", since=0, max=1, limit=1))

#Parse the Json Output

#Returns a Dictionary
output = twit.get_user_msgs("170", since=0, max=1, limit=1))
print(output['response']['status'])
#Output  = 200 if the call went through sucessfully
```

Response:

```
{'response': {'status': 200}, 'user': {'id': 170, 'username': 'StockTwits', 'name': 'StockTwits', 'avatar_url': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/170/thumb-1537898606.png', 'avatar_url_ssl': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/170/thumb-1537898606.png', 'join_date': '2009-08-31', 'official': True, 'identity': 'Official', 'classification': ['suggested', 'official'], 'followers': 490004, 'following': 10000, 'ideas': 74259, 'watchlist_stocks_count': 17, 'like_count': 49146}, 'cursor': {'more': True, 'since': 152520810, 'max': 152520810}, 'messages': [{'id': 152520810, 'body': 'The rise of podcasts... $SPOT', 'created_at': '2019-02-02T00:10:26Z', 'user': {'id': 170, 'username': 'StockTwits', 'name': 'StockTwits', 'avatar_url': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/170/thumb-1537898606.png', 'avatar_url_ssl': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/170/thumb-1537898606.png', 'join_date': '2009-08-31', 'official': True, 'identity': 'Official', 'classification': ['suggested', 'official'], 'followers': 490004, 'following': 10000, 'ideas': 74259, 'watchlist_stocks_count': 17, 'like_count': 49146}, 'source': {'id': 2269, 'title': 'StockTwits Web', 'url': 'https://stocktwits.com'}, 'symbols': [{'id': 9076, 'symbol': 'SPOT', 'title': 'Spotify Technology S.A.', 'aliases': ['SPTF', 'SPOTIFY'], 'is_following': False, 'watchlist_count': 17405}], 'likes': {'total': 2, 'user_ids': [31814, 1325989]}, 'reshare_message': {'reshared_count': 1, 'reshared_deleted': False, 'reshared_user_deleted': False, 'parent_reshared_deleted': False, 'message': {'id': 152520718, 'body': 'Spotify is in talks to buy podcast startup Gimlet - Recode ... probably smart $spot https://www.recode.net/2019/2/1/18207198/spotify-gimlet-podcast-acquisition', 'created_at': '2019-02-02T00:08:45Z', 'user': {'id': 5, 'username': 'howardlindzon', 'name': 'Howard Lindzon', 'avatar_url': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/5/thumb-1503096790.png', 'avatar_url_ssl': 'https://avatars.stocktwits.com/production/5/thumb-1503096790.png', 'join_date': '2009-07-11', 'official': True, 'identity': 'Official', 'classification': ['suggested', 'official'], 'followers': 221231, 'following': 1689, 'ideas': 147145, 'watchlist_stocks_count': 137, 'like_count': 67007}, 'source': {'id': 1149, 'title': 'StockTwits for iOS', 'url': 'http://www.stocktwits.com/mobile'}, 'symbols': [{'id': 9076, 'symbol': 'SPOT', 'title': 'Spotify Technology S.A.', 'aliases': ['SPTF', 'SPOTIFY'], 'is_following': False, 'watchlist_count': 17405}], 'conversation': {'parent_message_id': 152520718, 'in_reply_to_message_id': None, 'parent': True, 'replies': 1}, 'links': [{'title': "Spotify is in talks to buy Gimlet. That's a big deal for the podcasting world.", 'url': 'https://www.recode.net/2019/2/1/18207198/spotify-gimlet-podcast-acquisition', 'shortened_url': 'https://www.recode.net/2019/2/1/18207198/spotify-gimlet-podcast-acquisition', 'shortened_expanded_url': 'recode.net/2019/2/1/1820719...', 'description': 'Spotify, which has been trying to branch out of the streaming music business, is getting ready to make its first big move into podcasting: It plans to buy Gimlet Media, the startup behind popular shows like Reply All.', 'image': 'https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/62977145/Gwyneth_Paltrow.0.jpg', 'created_at': '2019-02-02T00:08:45Z', 'video_url': None, 'source': {'name': 'Recode', 'website': 'https://www.recode.net'}}], 'likes': {'total': 3, 'user_ids': [170, 1325989, 1629492]}, 'mentioned_users': [], 'entities': {'sentiment': None}}}, 'mentioned_users': [], 'entities': {'sentiment': None}}]}
```

## Samples

Code samples can be found in example_code and can be run with just:

```
python get_user_msgs.py
```

If you want a description of the file, just go inside and look at the descriptions.

## Testing using Unit Tests

Run test script to test if it works properly

(Not working yet)

```
python unit_test/pystocktwits_test.py
```

## Using Curl Requests to Test

These curl requests are from the Stocktwits API site and are not mine. They can be found here: https://api.stocktwits.com/developers/docs

```
cd example_curl_requests
./streams_user_curl.sh
```
